doc/device_guide: nrfutil for qspi (#20957)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf53/qspi_xip_guide_nrf5340.rst

***********************

For the nRF5340 DK and other boards equipped with flash working in the QSPI mode, use the :ref:`standard programming command <programming>` (``west flash``).

> For other cases, set up a configuration file for nrfutil, as described in the following section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For other cases, set up a configuration file for `nRF Util`_, as described in the following section.
```

Programming to external flash in SPI/DSPI mode
==============================================

> Programming an application with west triggers the nrfutil runner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Programming an application with west triggers the nRF Util runner.
```

***********************

For the nRF5340 DK and other boards equipped with flash working in the QSPI mode, use the :ref:`standard programming command <programming>` (``west flash``).
For other cases, set up a configuration file for `nRF Util`_, as described in the following section.

Programming to external flash in SPI/DSPI mode
==============================================

Programming an application with west triggers the nRF Util runner.
The runner uses the default system settings that configure the application in the QSPI mode when programming the external flash.

> You can change this behavior by using a custom :file:`Qspi.json` configuration file. This file is used to set up the QSPI flash device and its parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change this behavior by using a custom :file:`Qspi.json` configuration file. 
This file is used to set up the QSPI flash device and its parameters.
```

.. note::
    The external flash chip must be connected to the dedicated QSPI peripheral port pins of the nRF5340 SoC.

>     It is not possible to program an external flash chip that is connected to different pins using nrfutil.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It is not possible to program an external flash chip that is connected to different pins using nRF Util.
```
